c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe.config
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\RobotsAtWar.pdb
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.pdb
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Business.dll
c:\users\martynas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Business.pdb
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe.config
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.pdb
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\RobotsAtWar.pdb
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Business.dll
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Business.pdb
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RAW\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe.config
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RAW\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.exe
C:\Users\Matas\Dropbox\Adform\RAW\RobotsAtWar\obj\Debug\RobotsAtWar.pdb
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\WebAPI.dll
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\WebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Martynas\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RobotsAtWar\RobotsAtWar\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
